CLI v1.13.2 (#2148)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

This document provides a summary of all changes made to the [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.13.2

Release date: April 11, 2023

### Bug fixes

> - The `dags/` folder may be accidentally added `.dockerignore` file whenever a deploy is cancled during an image build. This can cause DAGs to disapear if you disable dags-only deploy. CLI v1.13.2 will check for and remove `dags/` from the `.dockerignore` if you are deploying to a Deployment which has dags-only deploy disabled. CLI v1.13.2 will fix any issues you are having with `dags/` folder being added to the `.dockerignore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the CLI added the `dags` folder to `.dockerignore` whenever an image build was interrupted, resulting in DAGs not being deployed on the next image build.
```
